README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
<br><br>I am an Information Security professional specialized in IT Risk Management, Data Privacy, Security & Compliance.<br><br>I have performed Security gap assessments, IT regulatory compliance audits, built and implemented IT security controls.<br><br>Some of the industries I worked include Banking, FinTech, E-commerce, Manufacturing. <br><br>I have also performed Vulnerability assessments, system hardening and patch management.

## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/rdevanath) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=flat-square&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/spring-%236DB33F.svg?style=flat-square&logo=spring&logoColor=white) ![Apache Tomcat](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache%20tomcat-%23F8DC75.svg?style=flat-square&logo=apache-tomcat&logoColor=black) ![Apache Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Maven-C71A36?style=flat-square&logo=Apache%20Maven&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=flat-square&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=flat-square&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=flat-square&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/grafana-%23F46800.svg?style=flat-square&logo=grafana&logoColor=white) ![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=flat-square&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white) ![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?style=flat-square&logo=Prometheus&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat-square&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=flat-square&logo=Raspberry-Pi) ![Splunk](https://img.shields.io/badge/splunk-%23000000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=splunk&logoColor=white) ![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=rdevanath&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=rdevanath&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=rdevanath&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

Commit message:

About me - updates
Added information about mentoring and interest in tech stacks.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
<br><br>I am an Information Security professional specialized in IT Risk Management, Data Privacy, Security & Compliance.<br><br>I have performed Security gap assessments, IT regulatory compliance audits, built and implemented IT security controls.<br><br>Some of the industries I worked include Banking, FinTech, E-commerce, Manufacturing. <br><br>I have also performed Vulnerability assessments, system hardening and patch management.

I also have keen interest in exploring different tech stacks and mentoring.

## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/rdevanath) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat-square&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=flat-square&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/spring-%236DB33F.svg?style=flat-square&logo=spring&logoColor=white) ![Apache Tomcat](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache%20tomcat-%23F8DC75.svg?style=flat-square&logo=apache-tomcat&logoColor=black) ![Apache Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Maven-C71A36?style=flat-square&logo=Apache%20Maven&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=flat-square&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=flat-square&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=flat-square&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/grafana-%23F46800.svg?style=flat-square&logo=grafana&logoColor=white) ![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=flat-square&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white) ![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?style=flat-square&logo=Prometheus&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat-square&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=flat-square&logo=Raspberry-Pi) ![Splunk](https://img.shields.io/badge/splunk-%23000000.svg?style=flat-square&logo=splunk&logoColor=white) ![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-%235835CC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=rdevanath&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=rdevanath&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=rdevanath&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)
